tools to write content faster there's so
much content out there how can you make
sure that you're keeping up with demand
and that your content is actually
getting seen whether you're streamlining
your content strategy automating
portions of it or updating old posts
content is still keing and you have to
write a lot of it as quickly as you can
want to know seven of my favorite tools
that I use to write blog posts create
social posts edit content and organize
information check out these and tell me
what you think tool number one answer
the public it helps you discover what
your audience is asking for with answer
the with this tool you can discover what
your audience is asking for just go to
answerthepublic.com put in a keyword
related to your industry IDE a one-word
phrase or two-word phrase and you get
instant raw search data directly from
your customer so you can quickly see
what they're looking for for example if
you're in the digital marketing space
like I am and I have an ad agency called
NP digital I may type in terms like
digital marketing or Ad Agency and it'll
tell me what people who are interested
in ad agencies are thinking about
looking at searching on Google and that
way I can adjust my content to adapt to
their needs and it tells you based on
what people are looking for right now
it's pulling that fresh data from Google
based on trending data on what people
are interested in today not what they
were interested in yesterday or five
weeks ago or even a year ago but instead
today tool number two Uber suggest AI
Rider check out Uber suggest AI Rider
tool to either write new content or
optimize an existing page here's the
thing that most people don't realize do
you want to know why Wikipedia ranks so
well it's because their content is
continually fresh yes they have a lot of
pages but more than anything else they
keep their Pages fresh by continually
having people update them and making
them amazing that's how they rank better
than the
competition now if you go out there
and you keep your content fresh and
updated you'll find that your rankings
just go through the roof and using
uberus AI tool you can put in any
paragraphs or any keywords that you need
fresh content about and it can help you
rewrite the content and make it better
tool three Vista create creating World
crft social posts in minutes with tens
and thousands of templates that you can
use would make your life easier right
that's what visa crate can do for you
you should check it out I've used it it
helps my team uses it and it saves me on
hiring someone to help us design amazing
social content instead we just use a lot
of the templates it gets the same amount
of likes and shares we haven't noticed
any difference but instead we save on a
headcount that way we don't have to pay
someone four five $6,000 a month to do
all this stuff manually now you're
probably thinking that's a lot of money
to spend on a person but if you're
creating a lot of content it can add add
up but with visit crate you can just do
it really quick and save that money
because they have templates tool four
and this is one of my favorite tools of
all I don't know how anyone can survive
without it or it could just me me
because I have poor grammar the tool is
grammarly it allows you to edit your
content and streamline it for clarity so
that way you don't have tons of Errors
now I still have errors every once a
while because I don't have the best
grammar skills but whether I'm writing
an email or whether I'm sending out an
email blast or whether I'm writing a
blog post or a social post on LinkedIn
it'll correct the spelling issues for me
and I love grammarly for that and it
doesn't even cost any money tool five
Lumen 5 Lumen 5 helps users create
videos online and minutes with over 10
million videos created across just about
every industry you can create a talking
head video and turn blog post into
videos easily remember YouTube LinkedIn
Tik Tok Facebook Instagram all these
platforms want video and you can do that
with this tool they don't care for blog
content as much tool six portance
content idea generator awesome tool for
creating blog post titles and topic
generation and it breaks down headlines
into chunks so you can learn more about
why certain words belong and others
don't I love this tool it's great I've
been using it for probably over seven or
eight years now and I Contin to use it
it still works well today tool seven
Hemingway app look there's a lot of
tools out there that can help you right
I love the Hemingway app because what
this does it tells you your overall
writing level and you want to dumb it
down to make sure that a kindergarten or
5-year-old can understand your content a
lot of people like no I want to be
sophisticated so those ivy league
Harvard people can understand me well
here's the thing most people didn't go
to Harvard so don't use crazy vocabulary
that most people can't understand
understand because then your content is
not going to get read shared or linked
to and that's why I love the Hemingway
app it makes sure that your content is
amazing but dumb down so that way anyone
can understand it now if you need help
with your marketing or you just want my
team to create your content for you
whether it's organic social or paid
social or blog content or video content
check out my Ad Agency NP digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it if
you have any other tools that people
should check out leave a comment below
with the tool and you know that way it
can help the whole community and we can
all write content better faster and be
more organized